Release Kapacitor v1.7.7 (#6090)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1/reference/about_the_project/release-notes.md

  - /kapacitor/v1/about_the_project/releasenotes-changelog/
---

## v1.7.7 {date="2025-05-27"}

> {{% warn %}}
> Python2 UDFs Deprecated — Support for Python 2-based UDFs is deprecated as of Kapacitor 1.7.7 and will be removed in **Kapacitor 1.8.0**.
> Please update your UDFs to be Python 3-compatible before upgrading. This change is part of our effort to follow modern security best practices.
> {{% /warn %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!Warning]
> #### Python 2 UDFs deprecated
>
> Python 2-based UDFs are deprecated** as of Kapacitor 1.7.7 and will be removed in **Kapacitor 1.8.0**.
>
> Before upgrading, update your User-Defined Functions (UDFs) to be Python 3-compatible.
> This required change aligns with modern security practices and ensures your custom functions will continue to work after upgrading.
```

We support GitHub-style callouts now.
